Update zk_login.md with instructions to run their own prover service (#14119)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/zk_login.md

const partialZkLoginSignature = proofResponse as PartialZkLoginSignature;
````

> ### Setting up your own services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting up your own proving service
```

> We have published two docker images: [prover](https://hub.docker.com/) and [prover-fe](https://hub.docker.com/).

Reviewer 2: It's actually one repository with tags for each
```suggestion
We have published a Docker Hub repository with tags for the two services: [prover](https://hub.docker.com/) and [prover-fe](https://hub.docker.com/).
```
